README.md, before:

## Auto-grading
An auto-grading system for handwritten digits implemented by Python.  
Authors: Jephian Lin and Chan-Yu Pan  

Necessary Requirements : tensorflow 2.1.0, pdf2image 1.13.1, Pillow 7.0.0 and pyzbar 0.1.8.  

## Repo contents
* __main.ipynb__ : Main file for excuting this auto-grading system.  
* __extractor.py__ : This script includes the functions for extracting the scanned file.  
* __ocr.py__ : This script holds all the code to create OCR model.  
* __annotator.py__ : This script includes the functions for grading on their examination paper.
* __OCR_mdl.h5__ : This file is the trained model for OCR system.  
* __font_style__ : This folder includes the necessary files about font style for annotator to grade.  
* __nsysu-digits__ : This folder is our handwritten digit database. All images are grayscale and the size is 28*28.  

## How to Use
If you have installed jupyter notebook, run the file `main.ipynb` on your machine and make sure you have installed the necessary library.  

## How to load the nsysu-digits dataset
```python
import os
import urllib
import numpy as np

base = r"https://github.com/SageLabTW/auto-grading/raw/master/nsysu-digits/"
for c in ['X', 'y']:
    filename = "nsysu-digits-%s.csv"%c
    if filename not in os.listdir('.'):
        print(filename, 'not found --- will download')
        urllib.request.urlretrieve(base + c + ".csv", filename)

Xsys = np.genfromtxt('nsysu-digits-X.csv', dtype=int, delimiter=',') ### flattened already
ysys = np.genfromtxt('nsysu-digits-y.csv', dtype=int, delimiter=',')
```

## License for NSYSU-digits database
This NSYSU-digits database is made available by Jephian Lin and Chan-Yu Pan under the Open Database License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
Any rights in individual contents of the database are licensed under the Database Contents License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/dbcl/1.0/

## TODO list
- improve OCR
- test robustness of find_box and find_qr_box
- don't delete -1 when grading
- delete unauthorized data
- export data at the end of the semester
- increase quiz QR code quality
- add "do not reply" message in the emails

Commit message:

README add new author, annotator update email message

README.md, after:

## Auto-grading
An auto-grading system for handwritten digits implemented by Python.  
Authors: Veronica Hong, Jephian Lin, and Chan-Yu Pan  

Necessary Requirements : tensorflow 2.1.0, pdf2image 1.13.1, Pillow 7.0.0 and pyzbar 0.1.8.  

## Repo contents
* __main.ipynb__ : Main file for excuting this auto-grading system.  
* __extractor.py__ : This script includes the functions for extracting the scanned file.  
* __ocr.py__ : This script holds all the code to create OCR model.  
* __annotator.py__ : This script includes the functions for grading on their examination paper.
* __OCR_mdl.h5__ : This file is the trained model for OCR system.  
* __font_style__ : This folder includes the necessary files about font style for annotator to grade.  
* __nsysu-digits__ : This folder is our handwritten digit database. All images are grayscale and the size is 28*28.  

## How to Use
If you have installed jupyter notebook, run the file `main.ipynb` on your machine and make sure you have installed the necessary library.  

## How to load the nsysu-digits dataset
```python
import os
import urllib
import numpy as np

base = r"https://github.com/SageLabTW/auto-grading/raw/master/nsysu-digits/"
for c in ['X', 'y']:
    filename = "nsysu-digits-%s.csv"%c
    if filename not in os.listdir('.'):
        print(filename, 'not found --- will download')
        urllib.request.urlretrieve(base + c + ".csv", filename)

Xsys = np.genfromtxt('nsysu-digits-X.csv', dtype=int, delimiter=',') ### flattened already
ysys = np.genfromtxt('nsysu-digits-y.csv', dtype=int, delimiter=',')
```

## License for NSYSU-digits database
This NSYSU-digits database is made available by Veronica Hong, Jephian Lin, and Chan-Yu Pan under the Open Database License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.  
Any rights in individual contents of the database are licensed under the Database Contents License: http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/dbcl/1.0/.  

## Versions

- Sep 9, 2022: 1639 pictures
- Nov 1, 2020: 552 pictures

## TODO list
- improve OCR
- test robustness of find_box and find_qr_box
